# Cycling

Cycling is a board game on a hexagonal game board that utilizes some principles from road cycling.

## About the project

The project has been completed and serves only as a demonstration of my skills in Python (it is practically the first project I have processed). I am currently working on version 2, which has more advanced game mechanics and better options for tactics and player movement. It also comes from a completely different logic of representing the arrangement of a hexagonal game board in the program.


### Game rules

- The first player moves one square less when rolling a higher value on the dice.
- Other players in the group with the rolling player take over the original value of the rolling player. They are a group if the players are adjacent to at least one side of the playing field.
- The group therefore moves faster than an individual player.
- There are also options for escape, sprint, braking other players.

### Game board

The game board is automatically generated by the program and contains turns and different widths of the road for riders.

### Controls

All player movement variants are programmed in this project. The program itself calculates all possible squares for player movement and allows you to enter the movement location from the keyboard.

## Technologies used

- Python 3.11
- PyGame library (used for rendering the game board)

## License

The project is not intentionally completed and therefore not intended for further distribution.
However, the author has no objections to the use of its parts or algorithms used.

## Contact

Jaroslav Kučera, kucera1968 at gmail.
